[jsonlogencodingextension] Add Modes for Body with Attributes (#32722)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: extension/encoding/jsonlogencodingextension/README.md

[development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#development
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

The `jsonlog` encoding extension is used to marshal/unmarshal JSON log body, ignoring other log fields.

## Configuration

| Name                     | Description                                     | Default                                      |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | raw_log                  | Ignore all attributes and just get body of log  | true                                         |

Reviewer: Can we make this an enum instead of a boolean? 
something like “body”, “body_with_inline_attributes”. I can see how we might have more modes down the road.

Author: I think this makes sense I will update this

### raw_log

The `raw_log` property when set to false will grab resource and attributes and add them as key value pairs to the json body iterating through all the logs and create a json array looking along the lines of:

```json
[
  {

>     "body": "{\"log\": \"test\"}",

Reviewer: AFAICT your logic will append the body as is, not encode it to string

Author: So this test here https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/32722/files#diff-ff7736db9322854a955a13662c43bf9b8e2212a8aed9ef7188c0bf7507a49453R58 I think validates that the behavior will be to encode it to a string.

Reviewer: String to String will show this, but try setting the body to be a map.

Author: That was indeed my error thanks for catching this!

[development]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector#development
<!-- end autogenerated section -->

## Configuration

| Name                     | Description                                        | Default                                      |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | mode                     | What mode of the JSON Encoding Extension you want  | body                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| mode                     | What mode of the JSON encoding extension you want  | body                                         |
```

### Mode

> #### body Mode

Reviewer 3: Would be nice to make the headings consistent
```suggestion
#### body
```

> The `body` mode of the json encoding extension is used to marshal/unmarshal JSON log body, ignoring other log fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `body` mode of the JSON encoding extension is used to marshal or unmarshal the JSON log body, ignoring other log fields.
```

#### body_with_inline_attributes

> The `body_with_inline_attributes` mode within the json encoding extension will grab resource and attributes and add them as key value pairs to the json body iterating through all the logs and create a json array looking along the lines of:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `body_with_inline_attributes` mode within the JSON encoding extension grabs the resource and attributes and adds them as key value pairs to the JSON body. It iterates through all the logs and creates a JSON array like the following example:
```

```json
[
  {
    "body": {
      "log": "test"
    },
    "resourceAttributes": {
      "test": "logs-test"
    },
    "logAttributes": {
      "foo": "bar"
    }
  },
  {
    "body": "log testing",

>     "resource": {

Reviewer 3: This should be `resourceAttributes` I'm guessing?
```suggestion
    "resourceAttributes": {
```
